He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
Please put on these eaaramuffs because I can't you hear.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
I was starting to waoarray that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
His son quipped that apowaear bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
The elephant didn't want batsawfaawfoawfaaw talk about the person in the room.
The sky is clear the stars are twinkling.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
You've been eyeing me balala day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about then she is overjoyed.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
After fighting off the alligator Brian still had to face the anaconda.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
She was too short to see over the fence.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
There was no ice cream in the freezer nor did they have money to go to the store.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
The stranger officiates the meal.
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
Three years later the coffin was still full of Jello.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier but only she could make herself happy.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
For oil spots on the floor nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
In the end he realized he could see sound and hear words.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
When money was tight he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense she knew she actually had a seventh sense.